# Thoughts after watching GPT-4 Developer Livestream

## Topic 1:

### A chatgpt-based programming language that only uses natural languages

The structure of this new language is alike a traditional programming language but each component/element will be written in natural language.

1. source code files

It could be replaced by the technical document with detailed description of functionalities of a method/class/framework/webpage/application.

It can be shared in a markdown document repository that is similar to GitHub and Docker Hub.

When developers need to use any pre-written application, they can prompt ChatGPT to download the document and include them in the current file.

Maybe the syntax could be

```bash
learn <technical-document-name>.md from "/link/to/file/source"
```

which is similar to the following code in C

```c
#include <stdio.h>
```

This new natural programming language will complete a whole web application with the same amount of Javascript codes that could only define a component/webpage.

2. source file management

Similar to Maven/Gradle, there might need to some natural-language based packages/frameworks that streamline the storage, transmission, compilation, management of the dependencies and integrate dependency management in the prompting process.

3. automate code test and code QA

The GPT-4 is capable of revising the code by reading the error message, and this process is iterable. So I think it makes a lot of sense to ask ChatGPT to do the code+test iteration until seeing no error message.

Further, we can ask ChatGPT to do a unit testing iteration and itegration testing iteration. It reads the test codes and revise its own source code until all tests are passed. Even the test codes could be auto-generated by ChatGPT itself by reading the technical document, as long as developers explain details of the desired application very very clearly.

4. markdown as a new programming language?

Maybe in the future, programming is as simple as writing an email. And the MarkDown language already provides us with the very basic structure of a technical document.

5. turn handwriting to codes and image recognition

It could enables a complete beginner to build applications from scratch simply by drawing and diagraming because they don't need to learn any knowledge about programming.

6. strong reasoning skills

GPT-4 is able to output its logical reasoning process. So it might be an better educational tools compared with watching videos / reading books / taking classes because the learning materials can dynamically change and flexibly adapt to personal requirements.
